one thing about me is I believe that
children are our future I know it's
controversial but it's just what I think
whomever we elect will have a great
impact on future generations and even
though kids can't vote yet they should
be heard so we went down to the farmers
market we asked children to tell us who
they think should be the next president
who do you think should be the next
president Michelle Obama okay well she
was a better president than Donald Trump
Bruno Mars why would he be good because
um he would take care of people and make
good music for people who do you think
should be the next president
alfe who do you think should be the next
president Oh Brad Oh God
she's very inspirational someone nice
maybe um Justin Bieber why would he be
the president uh he'd be better than the
one we have her now she's um she was a
camp counselor and she kind of like
helps the environment a lot and I think
she'd be a great president milah garden
why would he be good basketball shoes
yeah who do you think should be the next
president
oh my mommy Taylor Swift maybe not
Donald Trump it would be better than him
at least saw another good hair job
we think should be the next president
Odell Beckham jr. why would he be good I
don't know she's smart
not really why would he be good because
he's a rapper do you think Kim would
make a good first lady yeah
[Music]
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings